---
title:  'ENC3241'
layout: post
date:   2022-12-04 08:13:41 -0400
excerpt_seperator: <!--more-->
---

Class: Writing for the Technical Professional

Teacher: Dr. Vincent Robles

Semester: Fall 2022

<!--more-->

# Project 1

The goal of this project was to write instructions for some topic.
Around this time I was learning about Stable Diffusion, an image generation AI, so I decided to write some instructions on how to set it up and use it to create some cool images.

<object type="application/pdf" data="/assets/files/classes/enc3241/Project1-An_Introduction_to_Stable_Diffusion.pdf" style="width:100%;height:90vh;">
</object>

# Project 2

The goal of this project was to create job searching materials, including a resume, cover letter, and a mini interview video.
I decided to make these materials for a Junior Software Engineer position at Boeing.

<object type="application/pdf" data="/assets/files/classes/enc3241/Project2-Resume.pdf" style="width:100%;height:90vh;">
</object>

<object type="application/pdf" data="/assets/files/classes/enc3241/Project2-CoverLetter.pdf" style="width:100%;height:90vh;">
</object>

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/aW4W4mK4rDk" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

# Project 3

The goal of this project was to make a Student Research Grant proposal.
The research topic I chose was the viability of a peer-to-peer network architecture for multiplayer video games, something I've been researching on my free time.

<object type="application/pdf" data="/assets/files/classes/enc3241/Project3-Proposal.pdf" style="width:100%;height:90vh;">
</object>

{% include heading.html heading="Reflection" %}

As part of the final project in this class, I have to write a reflection on my portfolio:

- How is it coming along thus far?
  
  `I think it is pretty good; it fits the site's theme: simple yet readable.`
- Are you happy with your page layouts, ease of navigation, and color scheme?
  
  `I enjoy the centered layout, though I might try to resize/center elements that are small/left-justified to make it more consistent.`
- Are the fonts clear and easy to read?
  
  `I use JetBrain Mono, a monospaced font I use when programming, to add to the theme of a programming blog. I also set double spacing, because while I use 10pt sing-spaced when programming, using a larger font and larger spacing makes reading easier when it's a long article, in my opinion.`
- What have you learned through the process of creating this digital portfolio?
  
  `I'm used to making websites, but it was a bit of a challenge to upload my files. I use GitHub pages for hosting, and there are limitations on the file sizes. I had to move my video to YouTube since it was too large. For the other files, I used some tricks with Git LFS and GitHub Actions to minimize their file diffs.`
- What questions do you have?
  
  `None`
- Which aspects are difficult or confusing?
  
  `None`
- What resources might you use to assist you?
  
  `GitHub's documentation on the limitations of LFS and GitHub pages.`
